docs: update migration guide for major bump release (#4007)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/migration/migration.react.mdx

import { Alert,  Tabs, TabItem } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';
import { TerminalCommand } from '@/components/InstallScripts';

## 4.x to 5.x
### Installation
Install the 5.x version of the `@aws-amplify/ui-react` library.

<Tabs>
<TabItem title="npm">
<TerminalCommand command="npm install @aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x" />
</TabItem>
<TabItem title="yarn">
<TerminalCommand command="yarn add @aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x" />
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Update and usage

`@aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x` introduces the following breaking changes:

#### 1. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x` drops Amplify Geo components. They are moved to a separate new package `@aws-amplify/ui-react-geo`.
Install the 1.x version of the `@aws-amplify/ui-react-geo` library and update your existing imports accordingly.

<Tabs>
<TabItem title="npm">
<TerminalCommand command="npm install @aws-amplify/ui-react-geo@1.x" />
</TabItem>
<TabItem title="yarn">
<TerminalCommand command="yarn add @aws-amplify/ui-react-geo@1.x" />
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Styles supporting Amplify Geo UI components are moved to `@aws-amplify/ui-react-geo` library and are not available through `@aws-amplify/ui-react` library anymore.

Reviewer: Can we add an example?

Author: Added in https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ui/pull/4007/commits/48000eb5eab6f7fb07df313fd6c7bf9d82423967

When using components like `MapView` or `LocationSearch` from `@aws-amplify/ui-react-geo` library, import the styles from the same library as well.

```
import '@aws-amplify/ui-react-geo/styles.css';
```

#### 2. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x` drops Amplify Notifications components. They are moved to a separate new package `@aws-amplify/ui-react-notifications`.

> Install the 1.x version of the `@aws-amplify/ui-react-notifications` library and update your existing imports accordingly.

Reviewer: Can we add an example?

Author: Added in https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ui/pull/4007/commits/48000eb5eab6f7fb07df313fd6c7bf9d82423967

<Tabs>
<TabItem title="npm">
<TerminalCommand command="npm install @aws-amplify/ui-react-notifications@1.x" />
</TabItem>
<TabItem title="yarn">
<TerminalCommand command="yarn add @aws-amplify/ui-react-notifications@1.x" />
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> #### 3. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x` remove the `to` prop on `Link` component and instead have it extended from the underlying rendered third-party `Link` if it contains a `to` prop.
> 
> For example, using React Router Link with Amplify Link.
> 
> ```
> import { Link as ReactRouterLink } from 'react-router-dom';
> 
> <Link as={ReactRouterLink} to="/" >Home</Link>

Reviewer: IMO this is a bit difficult to parse, suggest the following:
```suggestion
#### 3. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@5.x` removes the `to` prop from the `Link` component.

If using a `Link` component with the `to` prop, remove `to` and instead extend from the underlying rendered third-party `Link`. For example, using React Router `Link` with the Amplify UI `Link` component:

```tsx
import { Link } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';
import { Link as ReactRouterLink } from 'react-router-dom';

<Link as={ReactRouterLink} to="/">Home</Link>
```
